docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/ruby.md

## How it works

1. Renovate searches in each repository for any Gemfiles

> 2. Existing dependencies are extracted from the Gemfiles
> 3. Renovate resolves the dependency on Rubygems.org (or elsewhere if configured), and checks for newer versions
> 4. A PR is created which updates the `Gemfile` and `Gemfile.lock` in a single commit

Author: ```suggestion
1. Existing dependencies are extracted from the Gemfiles
1. Renovate resolves the dependency on Rubygems.org (or elsewhere if configured), and checks for newer versions
1. A PR is created which updates the `Gemfile` and `Gemfile.lock` in a single commit
```
